Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
‪[music upbeats playing]
You can go.
- Okay sir. I’ll see to it.
- it’s alright.
- Welcome.
- [Fanna] Hello.
- [in Hausa] Well done.
- [dad] Thank you.
- [dad sighs]
- Yeah.
You've seen it yourself
[in English] It doesn’t seem like
they’ll be lifting the suspension
‪of forex sales anytime soon
- [dad grunts]
- I don’t understand what’s going on.
[in English] When they’ve made no attempt
to make credible exchange rate policies.
‪[Fanna] Mmh
[Fanna in Hausa] Well…
[in English]
The economy won’t change itself. you know.
Neither can we. especially if they
keep taxing us ridiculously on policies
that doesn't even favor
the least productive sector.
[in Hausa] It won’t work.
[clicks tongue] I think we have to revisit
the expansion plan for the bureau.
- Else we will be in trouble.
- [Fanna I agree.
[clicks] There is a surprise…
[laughs] Wow…
‪[scoffs]
[in English] An
all-expenses paid trip to Turkey.
You earned it my dear.
[dad in Hausa] You and your husband…
are my source of joy.
We are grateful.
[dad in English]
You should also thank your mother
‪because she suggested
‪the trip for your anniversary.
‪[sighs]
She thinks…you both work too much
and you need to…
- Children…yeah.
- [dad laughs]
- She won’t stop saying that.
- [dad] Yes.
[dad] But I want you
to go there and have fun. okay?
Relax and get ready to come
back and take over from your father.
- Oh my God! Really?
- [dad in English] Yeah.
It’s time I concentrate on other
businesses and let you continue from here.
This is the best anniversary gift ever.
- [dad laughs]
- Thank you so much. Father.
I can't wait to share
this news with Abdul. now…
[dad] Then. don’t let me
keep you [chuckles]
- Of course. I will be right back.
- Okay. [laughs]
‪[upbeat music]
‪[upbeat music continues playing]
Hmmm… Something smells fantastic.
Doesn't it always?
‪[Fanna sighs]
‪Hey.
Who made this Masa?
- [laughs]
- [chuckles] Oh my God!
Aren’t I so lucky to get a northern man
‪that can cook for
‪me even after his hard day.
Well yes. you're lucky.
‪So… I think maybe you should
‪call Father and
ask him to give me a
raise for this and for other things.
- Of course.
- [Abdul laughs]
I'm sure that's one of the many reasons
why they got us a trip to Turkey.
- Speaking of. I…
- [mm-hm]
called Mother to thank her.
and she kept going on
and on and on
about our plans for activities
in the other room. [laughs]
I honestly want to be angry.
No. no. it's fine. We can't. okay?
We've gotten past that.
Let's just let it go. okay?
- Meanwhile. you…
- [Fanna] Hmm mmh?
and I. and this amazing spread that I made
‪is all we should focus on today.
But…somebody came home.
didn't wash her hands.
and started eating.
Let’s go and get you freshened up first.
[in Pidgin] Always eating…
Okay. take it with you let’s go. [laughs]
- [Abdul] How was your day?
- [Fanna] Oh my God. this is so good!
‪[door opens]
‪[mid-tempo music]
‪[mid-tempo music continues to play]
‪[Abdul smacks lips]
- [gasps]No. no. no!
- [mm-hm]
‪-Please I’m almost done. no.
‪-Hmm mmh! No. no.
We agreed that
we going to leave work behind.
So. let your assistant handle your emails.
Unless…
‪-[Abdul whispers]
‪-[giggles]
‪[chuckles]
‪[inhales]
- Here's to the best anniversary ever.
- Yeah.
- [in Hausa] Okay. let’s go.
- Ah…
- We are picking Sadiya on the way.
- [in English] Why?
She agreed to bring back the car instead
of just leaving it at the airport.
[in Hausa] Okay.
- [in English] Why. what is it?
- [sighs]
That arrangement was not yours to make.
At least you should have
discussed it with me first.
I'm sorry.
I didn't think anything of it.
- Don't give me that look. [laughs]
- [sighs] [laughs]
Let’s go. Give me that phone.
- [laughs]
- I don't trust you. give me your phone.
‪[fast-paced music]
‪[indistinct chatter]
Get down.
- [ganster1] Open the door.
- Wait. just tell us what you want.
- Who are you? What do you want?
- [Fanna cries]
Open the door.
[Abdul] What do you want?
- Calm down. Let me just quickly…
- [gangster1] open this door]
[gangster1]If you touch any number there.
I’ll shoot you!
- Wait. just wait.
- Now. open the door.
‪-[glass broken]
‪-[Fanna screams]
- [Abdul] Okay…
- Get out!
OK. ok. I'm coming out. I’m coming out.
- [gangster2] Get out.
- Fanna. stay here.
- [gangster1] Get down.
- I'm coming out.
‪-Don't go! don't go!
‪-Stay. stay. stay!
- I’m out.
- And you.
‪-Don’t move.
‪-[Fanna] Abdul!
I'm out. Fanna!
Wait. I’m coming. Fanna
- Fanna Stay…
- [cocks gun]
[Fanna panting] Please…
‪I told you not
‪to come out of the car. right?
Yes. yes. yes…
For your disobedience…
Blame yourself for
anything that happens to him.
- You hear me?
- Yes. [cries]
Let’s go!
‪[fast-paced music continues]
‪[car door closes]
‪[car tires screeching]
‪[intense music playing]
‪[Fanna panting]
Ahmad… [cries]
‪Where is my husband?
‪[cries]
‪[sucks teeth]
‪[pants]
Ahmad…
‪[phone rings]
[in Hausa] Who is this?
[man1 in English] Your husband will die
if you tell anyone about this.
No. no. please…
[man1] Whether it’s your
father. friends. or his whatever…
‪No. please don’t touch my husband.
[man1] And don’t think I won't know.
Please. don’t touch my husband.
- What do you want. please?
- [man1] We are watching you.
- [man1] Do you understand?
- Yes.
- Yes. don’t touch my husband. Please…
- [call end beep]
Hello?
Hello. Ahmad! [panting]
- [Ahmad in Hausa] Hello ma’am…
- [exclaims]
[In English] Why
didn't you call the police?
These aren’t policemen?
‪[in English] [panting] My husband…
‪[panting]
‪[gasps]
‪Oh my God.
‪[exhales heavily]
‪[panting continues]
‪[door knock]
[Sadiya in Hausa] Is everything alright?
[in English] You didn't show up at the
agreed time. I came to hurry you up.
You're going to be late for your flight.
Are you ready? Where is Abdul?
Fanna.
- [Fanna] Hmm?
- Did you hear anything I just said?
[Fanna] What did you say?
You're going to be late
for your flight. Let’s go.
‪[Fanna panting]
[woman] Is everything okay?
Why do you look like you’ve been crying?
Did you and Abdul have a fight?
- Abdul…
- [Fanna pants]
Why do you look like you've been crying?
Fanna what’s on the phone?
‪Why do you keep
‪looking at the phone like that?
No. please.
[in Hausa] Please. give it to me. Please.
‪[door knock]
- [Help in Hausa] Good morning Auntie.
- What are you doing here?
‪[Fanna sucks teeth]
[in English] Fanna.
what’s going on with you?
[in Hausa] Auntie. I’m sorry.
I forgot you have travel plans.
[in English] Sorry.
[Sadiya] Fanna.
why are you acting so strange?
‪[pants]
[Help in Hausa]
Auntie. is everything alright?
‪[phone beeps]
[Sadiya] What is it Fanna? It's mine.
‪[pants]
‪[Sadiya in English] What is happening?
‪[exclaims]
‪[door closes]
‪[keys jingle]
‪[sighs]
‪[suspense music plays]
‪[footsteps ] [door opens]
- [Abdul] Fanna…come
- [Fanna sighs]
- [Abdul] Settle down.
[Abdul]Sit. Sit down. sit.
It is all over now.
Why are you doing this to us Fanna?
The fact that we cannot have children
does not mean that we cannot be happy.
What?
How can we be happy?
How can we be happy
‪when the world thinks
‪that I’m unable to give you children?
I know God is merciful. I know.
but the world isn’t.
Especially when they find out
that I cannot conceive.
- I can not conceive
- Yes. Listen. you are right.
- God is merciful. always.
- [sighs]
Besides. you’re not
married to the world so…
‪[inhales]
- Did the world propose to you?
- No.
Good.
- Are you married to the world?
- No.
Good.
- Are you sleeping with the world?
- [gasps]
See. of course. the answer is no.
I know this.
So why are you concerned about what
the world thinks or what the world says.
I am here and I am telling you…
that I do not care
what the world thinks or says.
I do not care if we have children or not.
as long as we are happy together.
- [in Hausa] Understood?
- [sighs]
[in English] Unless of course. you decide
that you want to choose the world over me.
‪[tuts]
- [in Hausa] You are not serious.
- Okay. now you see my point.
- [in English] It's okay. Okay?
- That is so sweet of you.
You know. it is very difficult to
not be sweet and amazing when a man has a…
wonderful woman like you in his life.
[kisses] It’s okay.
‪-Alright
‪-[sniffles]
‪[sighs]
‪[sad music]
‪[door opens]
[in Hausa] Fanna. really!
[in English] Did I do something wrong?
You've barely said
anything to me since I got here.
You've been acting strange.
‪[phone rings]
Fanna.
[man1] Don't say a word.
Just listen to me very carefully.
Your husband's life
depends on how well you please me.
Do you understand?
I said. do you understand?
Yes sir.
Did Abdul do this to you?
[man1] Good.
Are you alone?
Did Abdul do this
to you Fanna? Who is this?
Yes.
- [man1] Didn't I say no lies?
- Yes.
I'm not lying.
- Who are you talking to?
- [man1] Shut up.
Fanna.
‪[gasps]
Okay sir.
‪Ah!
[man1] Now you know
rule number two. No lies.
- Are you alone?
- [gasps]
Is it Abdul you’re talking?
[man1] Are you deaf?
I asked. are you alone?
Fanna Musa Ali Abdul.
What?
How do you know my name?
[man1] I warned you.
I said I ask the questions here.
‪[Abdul cries]
- Abdul. Abdul. Abdul. please.
- Give me let me talk to him.
[man1] Will you just
shut up and listen to me?
And you had better be alone
when I come back
and if you tell that idiot
or anyone else what is going on…
What’s going on?
[man1] I will kill your husband
and then come for your entire family.
- [Fanna] Hello?
- I'm going to call your mom.
- [Fanna] No… [cries]
- Then what’s the meaning of this?
- Abdul. Let me talk to him.
- Abdul.
‪Fanna what’s the meaning of this?
‪Abdul.[cries] Oh my God…
- So. Abdul did this to you?
- Please go!
- Please go…
- What is this? You're sending me out?
Is this what Abdul is doing to you Fanna?
You’re kicking me out?
- Go…
- [Sadiya] Fan…
- [Sadiya] Fanna. open this door.
- [cries]
I'm going to call your mother right now.
- [Sadiya] Fanna.
- [cries]
Can you tell me what's going on? [sighs]
I won’t leave until you
open this door. please!
- [Sadiya] Fanna. open the door.
- [cries out]
‪[sighs]
[knocks on door loudly]
Can you please answer?
‪[sighs] Okay…
‪[suspense music continues]
‪[bucket plops]
‪[slow music]
‪[call hanged up]
‪[sighs]
[hailing]
‪[phone rings]
Sadiya.
Sadiya…
Musty… Where have you been?
I’ve been trying to reach you.
[laughs] I’m here now. What is it?
‪[in English] I think there is
‪something wrong with Fanna.
- And you're calling me because…
- [Sadiya] What's that supposed to mean?
Sadiya. this person
is a married person. hmm?
And she made it clearly known to me that.
‪she does not want
‪to have anything to do with me.
- I don’t want any trouble. Sadiya.
- Like that has ever stopped you.
Anyway Look. I think
there's something really wrong.
What is it?
I think he hits her.
What?
[Sadiya] [sighs] I don't know.
She's just…she's being weird.
I think they had to fight.
‪and I've been trying to
‪call him. he’s not picking up
probably because
he knows what he has done.
I don't know.
Okay. hold on. I'm coming then.
What?!
‪[inhales]
‪[ends call]
‪[mid-tempo music]
- [Fanna] Wow!
- [Abdul] You like?
‪Fanna [gasps]
[Fanna] Thank you.
I don’t know what I did for the heavens to
smile so favorably at me.
See? Don’t worry.
I guarantee you that.
this is only the beginning.
Just wait until you see everything
that I have planned for this evening.
- There's more?
- Sure…
Your husband is about to blow your mind.
‪[mid-tempo music continues]
‪[mid-tempo music fades]
‪[sighs and whimpers]
‪[sniffles]
‪[sobs]
‪[tuts]
‪[sighs]
‪[inhales heavily]
‪[panting]
‪[sobs]
‪[cries]
‪[inhales deeply]
‪[phone rings]
‪[exhales]
‪[sniffles]
‪[phone rings]
Hello?
[man1] Do you now understand
that your actions have consequences?
[stutters] Yes…yes sir.
[man1] Good.
We don't want any problem.
We just want you to
do something small for us
‪and you’ll get your
‪husband safely back in your arms.
Okay. okay sir.[sniffles] [sighs]
[man1] Good.
We want clean $500.000.
‪[gasps]
What?
Where do you want me to find
that kind of money?
[man1] I told you. I ask questions here.
[stutters] Yes…yes sir.
You ask the questions.[sniffles]
[man1] $500.000. 8pm tonight or…
No! [gasps]
[cries] Please. no…
‪[door knock]
- [greetings]
- Is Fanna around?
- Musty.[sighs]
- [Musty] Sadiya.
- Has she started talking?
- No. she has been locked up in there.
[in English] And the husband?
‪No word from him.
‪He’s not picking his calls either.
She just…she's being weird.
She's not saying anything.
- Where is she?
- [Sadiya] Up in her room.
You think is right for me to go?
‪[sighs] Right now Musty.
‪we don’t have another option.
- [Musty] Okay. Lead me the way.
- Please.
‪[suspense music plays]
‪[door knock]
- [Musty] Fanna.
- Uhn?!
What!…
- What are you doing here?
- [Musty] Fa…
[Musty] Sadiya called me that you and
your…I mean. did your husband beat you?
‪[sighs]
[stutters] Why would she tell you that?
[Musty] Come on. At least open the
door first and tell me what’s going on.
‪[breaths in]
Please. please leave.
Please you need to leave. please.
[Musty] Fanna. I need
to know if you’re okay.
‪[phone rings]
[man1] Oh. so you are
bringing the police in. right?
No…[gasps]
- It’s not the police.
- [door knocks]
- [man1] So what is he doing there?
- [Musty] Fanna. open the door. please.
I don’t know.
[man1] You don't know?
‪[Abdul groaning]
- [Abdul] Make them stop. please stop.
- Abdul…
Abdul… please stop.
- [Musty] Fanna…
- [Sadiya] Fanna. open up. Are you okay?
- What. what? [panting]
- [phone beeps]
Oh my God.
‪[gasps]
‪[door knocks]
‪[sniffles]
[Musty] Fanna.
What's going on?
‪[key jingles]
- Fanna. what is it?
- Please. please you need to leave. please.
If anything happens to my husband.
I will hold you guys responsible.
If anything happens to your husband.
what's going on? Talk…
First of all. can we start by you
two getting out of my house?
Neither of us is going anywhere until you
tell us what’s going on.
- Sadiya. please. They would…
- What is the problem.
‪[phone rings]
Who are you and what
have you been telling my friend
‪that has her so worked up?
- Who is this?
- No no no… I’ve not told her anything.
- Abdul…
- Who is it?
- Abdul. is that you?
- Abdul…
- Sadiya…
- Hello?
- Sadiya you have finished me. Oh God!
- [Sadiya] He is not saying anything.
What is going on?
[panting] Can we start by you two
getting the hell out of my house? Please…
- Please…
- Please…We are just trying to help.
‪[inhales heavily]
Fanna you need to say something
so we can help. Please…
‪[Fanna cries]
- [Sadiys] Who was that person?
- [Fanna cries] Please…
- [Musty] Table five? Thank you very much.
- [Fanni Laughing]
Fanna.
So. you're really going to run off
and marry someone else?
- What are you doing here?
- mmh?
After complaining to you
how your father makes me feel.
- Let’s go.
- [Musty] Fann…
Sadiya help me beg her.
Okay. I’m sorry if I’ve
not been on my best behavior
‪but your dad is
‪not making things easy for me.
- Leave my father out of this.
- [Musty] You see…
- And you're defending him again.
- Really…
My father didn’t make you who you are.
Who you are is the reason why we failed.
Okay. just because
I make my money off the street.
‪that doesn’t mean it is not clean money.
[whispers] Can you imagine…
- [Abdul] Hey. is everything okay here?
- Hey…
‪-[Fanna] Hey.
‪-[Abdul] Hey.
- [Abdul] Are you okay?
- [Fanna] Yes.
[Abdul] You are…Mus…
Mustapha. I’m Abdul.
[greetings]
‪[clinking of cutlery]
Do you want to sit?
I wish you all the best.
‪[tuts]
[Musty exclaims]
- Musty! Musty…
- Sadiya. I should not be here honestly.
[in English] We can’t
leave her like this Musty.
Why?
- We need to be here for her.
- What for?
Come on. Don't be like that.
I know you still care about her.
And what is that
supposed to do with anything?
Her parent should
be the ones you’re calling
‪If the person they gave
‪their daughter to is a stupid person.
If he doesn’t have sense and is a monster
then you should be calling her parents.
Musty…
We were friends
before you both got together.
You two not ending up together
was painful to watch. believe me.
But. look. we are the only two people
willing to go dirty for her.
And honestly.
if this guy is actually hitting her.
‪[in English] I need you
‪to teach him a lesson
before her parents find out.
Musty you know If they do. they're going
to force her into silence. Please…
And to think now
that she caught only me off
‪and forgetting that
‪you yourself are a street person.
‪[sighs]
Just please Musty. please.
- Do you think he's really hitting her?
- Why is she like that then?
Where is he?
If he’s not hiding or something.
What happened to that car?
The glass…
Is it… is it broken?
Yes.
It is.
[Sadiya exclaims] Oh my…
- [Sadiya] Musty…
- [Musty] What…
- What is this?
- [sighs]
[in Hausa] Ahmad. come.
[in English] Where are you running to?
Does your boss know that you’re leaving?
- [Ahmad in English] No.
- so…
Ahmad. you're going to leave
without telling my friend.
[Musty] What happened to the car?
‪[sighs] [stutters]
This morning some. people
with guns kidnapped my boss.
- [in English] What!
- Musty…
- Honestly. I can’t stay. I’m going home.
- [Musty] What?
- May God protect us from evil.
‪[suspense music continues to play]
‪[phone rings]
[in English] Hello?
[man1] I see you have
told your friends everything.
No…[gasps]
- I didn't tell them anything.
- [man1] Don’t lie to me.
‪[gasps]
I’m not lying.
Honestly. I didn’t tell them anything.
I even sent them away.
Please. listen.
I will give you whatever you want.
I'll give you whatever. but please don’t
hurt my husband.
Please…I’m begging you.
‪Please…[sighs] Please…[gasps]
‪[phone hanged up]
Hello?
No. hello?! [cries]
‪[sobs]
‪[gasps]
- [Sadiya] Fanna.
- [sobs]
‪[cries]
- I know what happened. Fanna.
- [sobs]
I know Abdul was kidnapped.
Who told you that?
Your security man told me.
- [cries]
- I’m so sorry.
- I’m good as dead. [cries]
- No. you're not.
- [in English] You're not
- [sniifles]
- You’re not dead my friend. Please.
- [Fanna cries]
He'll be fine. Nothing is going to happen.
Just try to stay calm. please.
‪-[Fanna cries]
‪-I'm so sorry.
[Sadiya]
Were you really not going to tell us?
I didn't have a choice.
[Musty] Doing everything
to get him out is a choice.
And what do
you think I've been doing since?
Playing into their hands.
And that does not guarantee
the safety of your husband.
You know that.
We are here. we see things
every day how these people operate.
It’s basic.
Over 90% of their victims go in there.
even with all the money and ransom
they don't come out alive.
Abdul is going to
come back home to me alive.
Of course. he will come back.
I'm only saying you should get the
police involved.
I'm not getting anyone
involved again.[sniffles]
- We can do it and they wouldn’t know.
- That’s right.
- [Fanna In English] They won’t know?
- Yes.
They knew when you two
got to this house before I did.
- How?
- [Fanna]They knew you know about
the kidnap before you told me.
- How?
- We only just found out now.
[stutters] Your room is barely two
minutes walk from your gate.
[sighs]They told me
before you got to my door.
[stutters] I don't know.
I don't know who is doing this to us.
‪[Fanna sniffles]
‪[inhales deeply]
Are you sure you have
nothing to do with this?
‪Hmm?
[Sadiya in Hausa] Really. Fanna.
[in English] Are you for real? Sadiya…
Are you accusing me
of kidnapping your husband?
- Who else would want to hurt us?
- [Sadiya] What?!
[in English] Okay.
who else wants to hurt over
‪a thousand people
‪being killed and kidnapped every day?
Or do they all have vengeful exes. right?
[in English] Listen.
I only come here because
Sadiya was worried over the phone… right?
if this is the attitude you want to put
up now Fanna.
- I might as well just leave.
- Musty. please. Please…
‪[Sadiya] please…
- [Sadiya] We need you. please.
- [Musty] Look clearly. she doesn’t.
I called you here.
She didn't. Please stay. please.
I don't like to stay
where I'm not wanted. Sadiya.
- Fanna. please apologize.
- mmh…For what?
[Sadiya] Do you
want to find your husband or not?
- [Fanna sighs in disgust]
- Musty’s street credibility has more
‪chances of helping
‪us than your silent method.
It’s either Musty help us or I call
your parents or the police.
You won’t do that…
Fanna I’m not going to let you handle
this kind of situation alone.
So. you decide. Musty.
your parents or the police.
‪[dramatic music plays]
‪[sighs]
[sighs] I’m sorry.
[Sadiya] Musty. please…
Okay. So…
Have they made any demands yet?
They want 500.000.
- So all this for 500.000 naira.
- Naira?
- 500.000 dollars.
- Dollars?!
‪[sighs]
[Sadiya] What are you going to do?
What's supposed to happen?
Nobody thought he was worth that much.
Abdul has nothing. his family has nothing.
[Musty] But Fanna does.
Her father owns a Bureau de Change. so
that's why they’re asking for that much.
‪[Sadiya sighs]
[Sadiya] What’s going to happen now?
[Fanna] Oh my God…
There's no question here.
I have to deliver to them.
How are you going to take
that kind of amount from Alhaji
without him getting curious
and asking questions?
Fanna. we need to negotiate this thing.
You need to talk to them.
to cut down the money.
No. I will not do that.
Listen. your father is going to turn
this whole town upside down.
You know that.
And your husband is not going to benefit
from that ruckus. trust me.
Just negotiate this price.
That leads to something
that you can afford yourself
without Alhaji finding this thing out.
I just want my husband…
‪[sniffles]
He's my husband…
‪[phone rings]
Hello.
[man1] Your friends are right
- Uhn?
- [Musty] What?
- [man1] Now. put the phone on speaker.
- [Musty] What is it?
[man1] Mustapha Mohammed and
Sadiya Umar. you are now a part of this.
‪[gasps]
And if anyone else
finds out about this operation…
Then. Sadiya. your mother will go first.
‪[Sadiya gasps]
We'll take $250.000 dollars
Time is the same.
And don’t disappoint me.
Of course. you know
what will happen if you do.
- Hello…He…
- [phone call cuts]
‪-[Fanna crying]
‪-[Sadiya panting]
‪[Dramtic music continues to play]
‪[exhales]
‪[Musty shuffling things]
What are you looking for?
They know everything
just as it's happening.
‪I think they're spying on us.
Wait…You think they've
been in my house before now?
I don't even know what to say right now.
‪I think we should just keep searching.
Let’s just search everywhere.
I think having eyes on
us here makes us vulnerable.
Let’s just search everywhere. please.
‪[Upbeat music plays]
‪[Fanna going through objects]
‪[lampstand jingles]
‪[Upbeat music continues to plays]
- [Musty] Sadiya
- [Sadiya] Yes…
- Have you checked everywhere?
- Yes
- The vases?
- No.
- Just go through these. I will be back.
- [Sadiya] Okay.
Fanna. any update?
[in English] Have you seen anything?
‪[sighs]
Now what?
We have checked everywhere. but nothing.
‪[Musty sighs]
- I will just start processing the money.
- Wait. what about Alhaji?
I’ll take…
what he won’t notice
and just add up to what I have.
- Possibly sell my assets to complete it.
- [Musty] Fanna…
You think you can get that done?
Within the short period of time given?
[Fanna] What else can I do?
- Negotiate. just like he suggested.
- Are you kidding?
They’ve already brought down the figures.
I honestly don't want to get them angry.
[Musty] They're not going to get angry
if you allow me to do the talking.
- No [sighs sarcastically]I won't do that.
- [Musty] Fanna…
If there is anything you’ve
known me for. it's the street.
- [Fanna sighs]
- Let me talk to these people.
‪[phone rings]
- No.
- Fanna… Do not.
- No…
- Fanna. just do as he says. Please.
‪[Fanna pants]
[man1] Why are you not picking my calls?
Do you think we're joking? Right.
This is Mustapha. Yes I know.
you already know that.
No. Hang on. Drop the drop.
Listen… It is very
important that you listen to me.
To see how you can get
your money and a safe getaway.
‪[sighs in satisfaction]
So you took Abdul because you know Fanna
is the one with what you want.
I mean. yes. She is the one
with access to her father’s wealth.
So. taking Fanna would have made you
the most wanted person in the country.
And the world would
have been too small for you
‪To hide before
‪Alhaji would come to find you.
So you took the husband because you know
the wife is going to do anything
to get him out. and that's why
you told her not to tell anyone about it.
[man1] And your point is…
We will do 150.
That is the limit that she can take that
Alhaji won’t come finding you.
- [man1] You think I'm stupid. right? Ooh
- Nobody is saying that.
- [man1] You think I’m a fool.
- Nobody is saying you’re a fool
- No…
- Nobody is saying anything like that.
[man1] Shut up.
‪-No. please. no
‪-Relax.
[man1] I want 250.000
- in dollars by midnight.
- [Fanna sighs]
It’s either that or I return your
- husband headless at the same time.
- [exclaims]
And Fanna. If anyone
else speaks with me again…
- Of course. there will be a price to pay.
- [Fanna panting]
- [Fanna] Hello. Hello…[cries]
- [Musty shouts]
‪[Fanna pants]
[Fanna] Okay…
I think there's
a way I can get this money.
- Fanna. you can't give them the money.
- [gasps in disbelief]
Do you have a better idea?
One that doesn't include them
beheading my husband.
Oh. I can see the judgment in your eyes.
But Mustapha. why don't you just sit
for once and ask yourself how you’ll feel.
What you will do when
someone you love the most in the world.
‪is being taken away from you.
Just when you feel everything is right.
Then. just maybe you’ll judge less
and be human for once
I just want my husband.
Fanna. I was good
to you when we were together.
‪-By who’s standard?
‪-Oh. please…
- Please. let’s not do this right now.
- [Fanna] What?
‪There is a man’s life literally at stake
Please. please. we don't need this.
Please.
‪[Fanna panting]
I'll loan you the money.
‪[sighs]
Thank you.
I won’t forget this.
- Thank you. Musty.
- [sighs]
‪[Fanna sniffles]
You're coming
with me to get the money right?
‪[Musty] Fanna…
- It's not safe for you to go out there.
- Oh…
- Why not?
- Fanna…
They might be waiting to kidnap you.
They know what we will do before we do it.
- [stutters] But…
- So how… how then?
What do they stand to gain if
- they kidnap me.
- Maybe nothing.
But I'm asking.
It would be nice at
least if you get some sort of assurance.
‪[scoffs]
- I don’t understand.
- Fanna.
This is either an inside job or there's a
camera planted in this house.
And we’ve looked. we didn’t find anything.
That means my first mention is
the case then.
‪[sighs]
I honestly don't
see the point in all of this.
‪[Musty] Fanna…
If they take Abdul. you pay the ransom
and they kill him?
Don't you think it is nice that you know
who's responsible?
- Abdul is coming back home to me safely.
- Yes.
- I know. but my question still stands.
- [inhales]
‪[suspense music plays]
‪[Fanna pants]
Do what you have to do as long as we're
moving forward.
I have a plan.
Which is? [sniffles]
‪[Sadiya exhales]
- Babe.
- Yes.
What’s going on?
‪[exhales]
[Nura] You asked
me to come and pick you up.
You said as soon as
you come back from the airport.
‪I should come and pick you up.
And I have been calling and calling
and you haven’t been picking your calls.
- I know. I know. I'm sorry.
- [Nura] What's going on?
Abdul was kidnapped this morning.
- Wait. what?!
- [Sadiya] shsh!
Keep your voice down. please.
I don't understand.
Have they reported to the police?
No. can't. because they
said if we do that. they might kill him.
‪[Nura exhales]
- You know. this never ends well.
- Yes. we know.
But then Fanna is certain when they
get the ransom. they will let him go.
[Nura] I hope so.
But. is there anything
I can do to help? Like anything at all?
[Musty] Ummi.
‪[sighs]
[in Hausa]
Auntie Sadiya said you want to see me.
- Do you know what is going on here?
- No.
You haven’t heard anything.
- You don’t know?
[in English] No.
Ahmad did not tell you?
[in Hausa]
No. I just came in not long ago.
[in English] 7:30am this morning.
like. four to five people came to this
compound with heavy guns.
They beat Fanna and they took Abdul away.
And you're telling me
that you don't know at all.
[in Hausa] Oh my… I didn’t know.
[in English] What is he doing here?
He was supposed to come
get me after the airport.
and I forgot to tell him
not to come anymore.
‪[gasps] but…
- Hope no one saw him come in.
- No.
[stutters] I spoke to him.
and he has agreed to help you.
Hey. Fanna.
I'm really. really
sorry about your husband.
Thank you.
Thank you for agreeing to help.
No thanks needed at all.
- So. where are the clothes?
- [Fanna] Here.
‪[Sadiya breaths]
What time did you get to work?
Fanna.
- Auntie.
- [Musty] Fanna. where are you going to?
Fanna wait.
- Fanna…
- Auntie…
‪[suspense music continues to play]
‪[Musty exhales]
[in Hausa] What’s next?
[sighs] I don’t know what she will do
if Abdul does not
make it back to this house.[sighs]
[in Hausa]
Well… It’s better for me to go back home.
[in English] Well. she's coming back soon.
[in Hausa] Then I should stay
here and get kidnapped too?
‪Mr. Mustapha. I rather go home.
[in English] My father’s house.
Auntie Sadiya…
- You're leaving?
- [in Hausa] Yes. I’m going back home.
Is it your closing time?
‪Well. Auntie had
‪said there won’t be work today.
Okay.
- [in English] Did you get it?
- Do you think this'll help?
I don’t know yet. Let’s go.
- Musty says it’s okay to come out now.
- Are you sure?[inhales deeply]
Let’s go.
Mustapha. what now? What do I do?
- [Musty] Hold on.
- [Fanna] What?
How do we get the money?
What about the one you promised?
Fanna… Fanna calm down.
we’ve talked about this already.
‪[scoffs]
‪[Fanna breathes in and out]
[in Hausa] There…such a fool.
- [in English] What did you find?
- What.
See…
Her. your cleaner.
- What?
- It’s a lie.
See…
‪[gasps]
‪[scoffs]
- No. no no…
- [Musty laughs]
- [in Hausa] She’s not the one.
‪-[tuts]
‪-[Musty celebrates]
[in English] Wait. What has this got to
do with what we are doing here?
Everything Fanna. everything.
See…this whole operation looks
like an inside job.
- What are you saying?
- [Musty chuckles]
I’m saying your house help knows
more about this. about what’s going on.
That's why I had to scare her off
‪into baiting her that
‪you went out to get the money.
I don't understand.
Fanna. if she had stayed after
how I narrated the incident to her …
Honestly. she’s their
eyes and ears in here.
- [in English] We didn't find any cameras…
- Sadiya.
I told her that Fanna
went out to get the money.
she did not even flinch.
- What are you saying…
- She didn’t say one word.
Because she knows she doesn't
have anything to lose.
No matter how we
perceived her in this place.
Trust me. it does not come close
to them losing their price.
How does this help me?
- How does this help this case?
- [Musty] In every way. Fanna.
All I see is that you care more
about the money than my husband's life.
Listen. they’re going to kill your loving
husband. if he’s not already dead by now.
- Even after you pay the ransom.
- [gasps]
I'm saying we
should get to know who is responsible
‪so we can make alternative arrangements.
[stutters] Then why are you so concerned
about pinning this on someone else?
- And not helping me.
- Sadiya…
The last time I checked the only person
with questionable character is you.
[in Hausa] Stop it. Fanna!
[in English] Come on.
‪They said we shouldn’t tell anyone else
‪or they will kill my husband. [exhales]
Or has this always been your plan?
‪Fanna.
‪how can you say something like that?
Mustapha has been nothing short
of a good friend to us.
By whose standards. yours?
[sighs] You know what.
I am done listening to both of you.
And the last time I checked.
the Mustapha you're talking about
- is a businessman and not a detective.
- Fanna.
I am going to get that money [inhales]
Fanna. why do you
keep saying all this rubbish?
‪-[door opens and closes]
‪-[Musty exclaims]
- Praise be to God.[sighs]
- Mustapha please don’t go…
‪[exclaims]
‪[Upbeat music plays]
‪[gangster3] Shh!
[in English] What is this?
- I'm talking to you. what's this?
- [man pants]
[in English] Where's the money?
Are you serious?
What's going on here?
What's going on there?
Are you okay? Calm down.
[Sadiya] Hello.
Hi. babe.
- [Nura] Two armed men just attacked me.
- Oh my God.
[in English]
Are you okay? Did they hurt you?
[Nura] They could have
killed me if not for the timely
‪appearance of the police security guard
Oh… Babe. I'm so sorry.
[Nura] You all need to be careful.
Yes. Yes. we are okay. But are you okay?
I'm glad there was someone there to help.
- Did they touch you? Did they hurt you?
- [Nura] I am. So. what do I do now?
[stutters] Just go home
and be with the girls. keep them safe.
- I'm so sorry. babe. I'm so sorry.
- [Nura] And what about you?
I'm fine. I'm here. I…
I have to see her through this.
[man] Sadiya. the police.
She doesn't want that.
She doesn't want that. babe.
Just. go home and be safe. okay?
I’m so sorry.
I'll call you after.
I'm so sorry.
‪[phone hangs]
Nura was attacked.
Mustafa was right about that girl.
You don't get it. do you?
I don't care about anything else.
except getting my husband back home alive.
‪[phone rings]
- [man1] You think we are playing games.
- No.
[man1] You think this is a game. right?
No. please. No.[gasps]
[man1] You played us
so you can go to the police.
‪[stutters] No. it wasn’t my idea. Please…
[man1] So why did you do what you did if
it’s not to go to the police station?
Let’s see who the world blames when they
find your husband’s rotten body in a dump.
‪[phone hangs]
‪[panting]
See what listening to you guys has caused.
[stutters] What did they say?
‪They think
‪I played them to go to the police.
I will never forgive the both of you
if anything happens to Abdul.
- Fanna. we're just trying to help.
- I don’t need your help already.
I don't want it. stop. [crying]
Fanna. we've put all our lives on
hold to be here for you.
- and all you care about is your husband.
- Because he's the victim. yes Sadiya.
And what about us?
What about our families?
We put all our lives at risk.
Just to be here for you Fanna.
and this is what you're saying.
Oh. thank you.
Thank you Sadiya.
Give my thanks to Mustapha.Mmh
But I didn't ask for your help. Did I?
I already have
one man's life on my shoulder.
‪I don’t need you
‪guilt-tripping me about yours.
Just go. Just leave me alone.
Okay. no problem.
‪[Fanna panting]
‪[phone vibrates]
- [Musty] Yes.
- [Sadiya] Nura called after he left.
Listen. it is not important anymore.
‪[Sadiya] ‪Won’t you
‪at least ask if he’s okay?
Is he okay?
‪[Sadiya] ‪Yes.
‪But he said he was almost killed
if not for the timely
appearance of the military guard.
- So I was right then.
- [Sadiya] Yes.
So if the girl is a spy.
- [Sadiya] who is she spying for?
- See. Sadiya…[mmh]
I really don't want to be
part of this anymore. Okay?
[Sadiya] I know she said some horrible
things but. she didn’t mean them.
- Really?
- [Sadiya] Okay. she meant them.
It's obvious why you
two didn’t end up together.
I see. Some honesty at last.
[Sadiya] But is that enough reason
to let whoever this is outsmart you?
Wouldn’t you like to know who has
that much guts to dare you?
[tuts] No… Sadiya see
[stutters] I don't want
to be part of this.I…No
I don't want to be part of this.
This is not about me.
[Sadiya] But it is…
You were in that house.
‪They called your name.
‪threatened your family.
Sadiya. whatever you’re trying to do
is not working. at all.
Hmm? It's not.
Alright? I'll talk to you later.
‪[phone hangs]
‪[tuts]
This whole thing isn't…
It is not my case…
‪This is not my stuff…
‪[door closes]
‪[tense music]
‪[tense music continues]
‪[sighs]
‪[up beat music plays]
‪[tuts] [exhales]
‪[car engine starts]
‪[car tires screech]
‪[Car drives off]
‪[gate knock]
‪[Up beat music continues to play]
‪[quiet footsteps
‪[door creaks]
‪Musa!
‪[phone beeps]
‪No!
‪[gate opens]
Babe. what's up?
[in English] Yes. I’m coming.
I’m still packing.
Yeah. I will be with you soon.
‪[zip closes]
‪[keys jingle]
‪[exhales]
Thank God you're okay.
Babe. wait. Is everything alright?
I need to speak to Fanna before
she gets herself killed.
I don't understand.
Has she reported to the police yet?
She won’t.
- Then you or Mustapha should.
- Where is Musa to open the gate. please?
I sent him home.
Listen. we have to be by ourselves
until we know we are safe.
My love. I am…
I am so sorry for getting you
involved in this. I really am.
Look. babe. I cannot tell you
not to be there for a friend.
but you have to understand that
your family needs you.
I know… I am not
in any danger. I promise you.
I promise.
I just really need to go.
Can you get the gate for me?
- Okay.
- Please. thank you. Thank you.
- Just be careful.
- Yes. I will.
‪[car engine starts]
[exhales] Hello. Aliyu…
Is it ready?
Okay. I'm on my way.
[Abdul] What do you want?
- [gangster1] Open the door.
- [Abdul] I said. what do you want?
[gangster1] I said open this door.
[ganster1] If you touch any
number there. I’ll shoot you!
‪[Fanna exhales]
Put the window down.
‪[sighs]
Fanna. are you all right?
Yes.
I told you to leave.
Mustapha found something.
‪[scoffs]
- I'm not interested.
- You will be when you see it.
Sadiya…
Do you realize that my
husband's life is in danger?
‪[sighs softly]
To be honest…
I don't think it is.
Why would you say that?
‪[Sadiya exhales]
I was shocked as well when I saw it.
‪And there's no easy way to say it but.
like these two are clearly
married to each other. Fanna.
No. no. don't say that.
Don't. Abdul loves me.[gasps]
No…
This sick girl must
have just photoshopped this.
‪Just to make sure
‪she ruins my home.[gasps]
No. this is fake.[gasps]
Fanna. are you blind or something?
What do you mean? This is fake?
These people are clearly married
to each other.
You can see it right there.
this is evidence. They can't say…
Stop it…
Stop it.
I won’t let you speak ill of a man who has
been nothing but love to me
Who has shown love to me.
The type of love you've been lucky
to experience in your life.
Sadiya…
I don’t know what sick game. you. Mustapha
‪or whoever is doing this is playing at…
No. I can't believe
you actually blame Mustapha.
- After everything that boy has done to…
- To jeopardize my…
- My home…
- [Sadiya exhales]
- Why are you being so difficult?
- Oh…[sighs]
‪Please. I'm not interested.
‪just leave me. Please…
Fanna how can I make you understand?
This doesn’t make any sense…
Fanna. can you just
relax and listen. please? Your…
Fanna hold on. Wait… Fanna.
Fanna. wait. My phone. My phone…
‪[grunts]
‪[car engine stops]
[man1] Come down quietly from your car.
Then drop the money by the fence.
‪[phone hangs up]
‪[Upbeat music plays]
‪[Upbeat music continues to play]
‪[car door opens]
‪[car door closes]
‪[exhales]
‪[phone rings]
Hello.
And you will
sit quietly. still in your car.
‪Till we confirm the money is complete.
‪[phone hangs up]
‪[suspense music plays]
‪[Abdul grunts]
- [Fanna] Sorry.
- [Abdul grunts]
‪[Abdul sighs]
‪[Abdul grunts]
[Fanna in Hausa] Sorry.
[in English] Thank you. baby.
[stutters] I thought I was never going
to see you again.
You know. I think
we should go to the hospital.
[Abdul] No. no.
I'm fine. I told you. I'm fine.
I need my phone. Where's my phone?
- [Fanna] The men must have taken it.
- No. they didn't take it.
[Fanna] I didn't see it.
- I'll check the car.[grunts]
- Oh. no. Hey…
Calm down.
- We will do that in the morning.
- [Abdul] Okay.
Please. I just want
to make sure you’re okay.
Please… I'll get the first aid box.
‪[Abdul grunts]
‪[First aid kit rattles]
[groans] Oh!… It’s okay…
‪[door opens]
‪[soft music]
‪[Abdul grunts]
‪[cutlery clinks]
‪[swallows]
‪[soft music continues to play]
‪[exhales]
‪[sighs]
‪[gasps]
‪[tense music plays]
‪[sniffs]
‪[pants]
‪[gasps]
‪[sniffles] [cries]
‪[pants]
‪[Up beat music]
‪[gasps]
‪[door opens]
[Musty] Will he not be worried that
you’re here by this time?
‪[gasps]
He’s not waking up.
‪[tense music continues to play]
Till morning.
[Fanna] I’ve been a fool. right?
‪Huhn?
‪[gasps]
I mean yeah. he’s allowed
to take in more wives if he wants.
Why would he do that to me? Why?
You already know the reason for that.
‪[sighs]
But. why would he let them
kidnap him and not me?
- Abdul would never…[sighs]
- [Musty] We’ve moved past that.
You bagged a scammer.
A married scammer.
‪[gasps]
[in Hausa] Oh. goodness!
‪[pants]
[Fanna in English] I can't
believe he’ll make me go through this.
Well. human beings are unpredictable.
[Fanna] But. he was predictable until now.
I mean. he made my
dad totally believe and love him.
And now. he made me… His…
‪It hurts. [pants]
[Fanna] It really hurts.
‪[sighs] [cries]
‪[sniffles]
What do I do now?
Sit.
‪[Fanna exhales]
Fanna.
You know exactly what to do.
[Musty] And I have all the
information that you need.
‪[tense music continues to play]
[groans] Hey.
Oh…
‪[cutlery clinks]
No. Look. I'm not even hungry.
I just want you to come lie next to me.
[sighs] Me too.
[sighs] But I have to
take Sadiya’s phone back to her.
She forgot yesterday
while she left in anger
‪because I refused to
‪tell my parents what had happened.
I’m really sorry that you had to
go through all of that.
I was so scared.
- I thought I had lost you.
- No. never.
Never. They were never going to harm me.
All they wanted was the money
And as soon as you gave it to them.
[inhales] they were going to let me go.
[Abdul] But thank you.
For going above and beyond to save me.
I am…
I need my phone.
Oh. I brought it
out of the car last night.
‪Okay.
Did…
Thank you.
Did anyone try to call me?
I don't know.
I've not checked.
Listen. I have to go now.
I have to make a quick stop at the market.
and pharmacy.
- Are you sure you'll be okay by yourself?
- Oh yes. I will be fine. Just go.
Or should I lock the gate from outside?
- No.
- Oh. yes. I should do that.
No. Listen. there's no need to do that.
I'm sure that they would assume
that we have beefed up security
and they would not risk
coming back and getting caught. So…
- I think we should do that…
- No…
What I mean is.
there’s no need to disturb anybody.
We’ve gone past this.
It has happened.
let’s just move on with our lives.
Okay…
- Now go. Go and do what you have to do.
- Are you sure?
Yes. I am sure.
Okay.
- See you.
- I will see you.
‪[Abdul grunts]
‪[tense music plays]
‪[dialing tone]
‪[phone hanged]
Ummi.
Hello. where are you?
I thought you said…
[Ummi] Abdul.
I am sorry for doing this now
but seeing how much
love Fanna has for you.
‪I don't think I can compete with that.
I have the money with me.
Please do not bother looking for me.
‪[Abdul in Hausa] Why Ummi. why?
[Ummi] And it’s not too late
to go back to her. you know.
You’re the love of her life. I’m sorry.
‪[door creaks]
Fanna…
[stutters] What…What are you doing here?
So this is really true.
‪[sighs]
[sighs] I know beyond reasonable doubt
that you are a scam.
But somehow. somewhere.
I just hoped this was just a mistake.
[stutters] Yes. you’re right.
It’s a mistake. This is…
‪It’s a misunderstanding.
‪Fanna. I can explain.
But I know everything.
‪[gasps]
I know every…
[Fanna] I know you were married to your
criminal partner before you met me.
Yet. you pretended to be single…
and in love with me.
Just so you could
steal from me and my parents.
‪[Fanna sighs]
[sighs] You bribed the doctor
‪to make me believe
‪I was the reason for our childlessness.
When you had already done a vasectomy.
- [stutters] How. how did…
- No. don’t stress.[sighs]
Mustapha already dug out everything.
‪[whispers] Mustapha.
[Fanna] Yeah.
I should have done that myself when you
came selling for perfection!
Fanna…
- [stutters] I'm sorry.
- That you got caught?
You know what…
- I love you. Fanna.
- [sighs]
Let's just get past this.
[stutters] We can work things out.
- Let's start afresh. just me and you.
- Abdul.
‪those words don’t mean anything anymore.
Fanna. honestly. it was all her idea.
She masterminded this whole thing.
‪I wanted to have
‪nothing to do with it. but she insisted.
She made me do this.
Blaming the very person
you brought into our home.
is weak. Abdul.
I'll never forgive you for that.
‪[gasps]
I thought we had a life.
- [Musty] We do…
- [Fanna] Yes. I loved you.
[Musty] I love you.
[Abdul] Fanna. please.
[Fanna] But you made me go
through pain and grief in one day.
- I was running mad because of you.
- [Musty] I’m sorry.
‪[inhales]
- [exhales]
- [Abdul] Please let's…let’s start over.
‪I’ll never forgive you.
‪You both will pay for this.
No. there is no need…
Let’s not make any hasty decisions.
It’s me. this is Abdul.
[Abdul] And yes…I was weak and I made
a mistake. but we can talk about it.
Please. let’s go to Turkey.
Just us. we will talk this through.
‪-Fanna
‪-[Fanna sighs]
- Where are you going?
- [Fanna] I can’t.
[in English] Fanna…
‪[sighs heavily]
[laughs] You don’t want this spicy steak.
[Musty]
You know I have good eyes for steak.
‪[In English] You have
‪good eyes for a lot of things.
You know. crunchy steak.
‪[all laugh]
Look at Fanna…
- That’s why…[laughs]
- That’s why she likes me. [clears throat]
Honestly. Fanna.
I'm so glad you're going on this trip.
It's very much needed.
That's what I really need right now.
‪-[Sadiya] mmhmh
‪-[Musty exclaims] Fanna…
[Musty] But I bring goodness to you too.
‪[all laugh]
Wow. Sadiya. tell this fine girl
that Mustapha is the love of her life.
- Leave my friend alone. Mustapha.
- Hmm? [clears throat]
Yes. Mustapha. I know
for a fact that you are a great friend.
- [Musty] Me. great. Not just great…
- [Sadiya] Friend zone.
- [in Hausa] You’ll be missing a lot.
- [all laugh]
[in English] Yeah. but seriously guys.
I really need to focus on me right now.
I really need to be on this trip alone
‪to clear my head
‪and just come out of the darkness
I've been to. this past one month.
[Fanna] I'm so sorry for everything
that you've gone through because of me.
- I still feel guilty.
- [Sadiya] It’s okay.
- [Sadiya] What are friends for? [laughs]
- [Musty] That's what I wanted to say.
- [Sadiya] It's okay.
- [Musty] Your great friend.
‪You should be alright. Fanna.
You will be okay.
- Alhaji’s daughter.
- [all laugh]
- You are a queen.
‪Subtitle translation by: Adefoluke Adebayo